https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/keyword-queries-and-search-conditions?view=o365-worldwide


--AttachmentNames	
The names of files attached to an email message.	
attachmentnames:annualreport.ppt
attachmentnames:annual*
attachmentnames:.pptx

Messages that have an attached file named annualreport.ppt. In the second example, using the wildcard character ( * ) returns messages with the word "annual" in the file name of an attachment. The third example returns all attachments with the pptx file extension.


--Bcc	
The Bcc field of an email message.1	bcc:pilarp@contoso.com
bcc:pilarp
bcc:"Pilar Pinilla"

All examples return messages with Pilar Pinilla included in the Bcc field.


--Category	
The categories to search. Categories can be defined by users by using Outlook or Outlook on the web (formerly known as Outlook Web App). The possible values are:
blue
green
orange
purple
red
yellow
category:"Red Category"	Messages that have been assigned the red category in the source mailboxes.

--Cc	
The Cc field of an email message.1	cc:pilarp@contoso.com
cc:"Pilar Pinilla"

In both examples, messages with Pilar Pinilla specified in the Cc field.

--Folderid	
The folder ID (GUID) of a specific mailbox folder. If you use this property, be sure to search the mailbox that the specified folder is located in. Only the specified folder will be searched. Any subfolders in the folder won't be searched. To search subfolders, you need to use the Folderid property for the subfolder you want to search.
For more information about searching for the Folderid property and using a script to obtain the folder IDs for a specific mailbox, see Use Content search for targeted collections.

folderid:4D6DD7F943C29041A65787E30F02AD1F00000000013A0000
folderid:2370FB455F82FC44BE31397F47B632A70000000001160000 AND participants:garthf@contoso.com

The first example returns all items in the specified mailbox folder. The second example returns all items in the specified mailbox folder that were sent or received by garthf@contoso.com.
From	The sender of an email message.1	from:pilarp@contoso.com
from:contoso.com

Messages sent by the specified user or sent from a specified domain.

--HasAttachment	Indicates whether a message has an attachment. Use the values true or false.	from:pilar@contoso.com AND hasattachment:true	Messages sent by the specified user that have attachments.

--Importance	
The importance of an email message, which a sender can specify when sending a message. By default, messages are sent with normal importance, unless the sender sets the importance as high or low.	

importance:high
importance:medium
importance:low

Messages that are marked as high importance, medium importance, or low importance.

--IsRead	
Indicates whether messages have been read. Use the values true or false.	isread:true
isread:false

The first example returns messages with the IsRead property set to True. The second example returns messages with the IsRead property set to False.

--ItemClass	
Use this property to search specific third-party data types that your organization imported to Office 365. 
Use the following syntax for this property: itemclass:ipm.externaldata.<third-party data type>*	itemclass:ipm.externaldata.Facebook* AND subject:contoso
itemclass:ipm.externaldata.Twitter* AND from:"Ann Beebe" AND "Northwind Traders"

The first example returns Facebook items that contain the word "contoso" in the Subject property. The second example returns Twitter items that were posted by Ann Beebe and that contain the keyword phrase "Northwind Traders".
For a complete list of values to use for third-party data types for the ItemClass property, see Use Content search to search third-party data that was imported to Office 365.

--Kind	
The type of email message to search for. Possible values:
contacts | docs | email | externaldata | faxes | im | journals | meetings | microsoftteams (returns items from chats, meetings, and calls in Microsoft Teams) | notes | posts | rssfeeds | tasks | voicemail

kind:email
kind:email OR kind:im OR kind:voicemail
kind:externaldata

The first example returns email messages that meet the search criteria. The second example returns email messages, instant messaging conversations (including Skype for Business conversations and chats in Microsoft Teams), and voice messages that meet the search criteria. The third example returns items that were imported to mailboxes in Microsoft 365 from third-party data sources, such as Twitter, Facebook, and Cisco Jabber, that meet the search criteria. For more information, see Archiving third-party data in Office 365.

--Participants	
All the people fields in an email message. These fields are From, To, Cc, and Bcc.1	participants:garthf@contoso.com
participants:contoso.com

Messages sent by or sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns all messages sent by or sent to a user in the contoso.com domain.

--Received	
The date that an email message was received by a recipient.	
received:2021-04-15
received>=2021-01-01 AND received<=2021-03-31

Messages that were received on April 15, 2021. The second example returns all messages received between January 1, 2021 and March 31, 2021.

--Recipients	
All recipient fields in an email message. These fields are To, Cc, and Bcc.1	recipients:garthf@contoso.com
recipients:contoso.com

Messages sent to garthf@contoso.com. The second example returns messages sent to any recipient in the contoso.com domain.


--Sent	
The date that an email message was sent by the sender.	
sent:2021-07-01
sent>=2021-06-01 AND sent<=2021-07-01

Messages that were sent on the specified date or sent within the specified date range.

--Size	
The size of an item, in bytes.	
size>26214400
size:1..1048567

Messages larger than 25 MB. The second example returns messages from 1 through 1,048,567 bytes (1 MB) in size.


--Subject	
The text in the subject line of an email message.
Note: When you use the Subject property in a query, the search returns all messages in which the subject line contains the text you're searching for. In other words, the query doesn't return only those messages that have an exact match. For example, if you search for subject:"Quarterly Financials", your results will include messages with the subject "Quarterly Financials 2018".

subject:"Quarterly Financials"
subject:northwind

Messages that contain the phrase "Quarterly Financials" anywhere in the text of the subject line. The second example returns all messages that contain the word northwind in the subject line.

--To	
The To field of an email message.1	to:annb@contoso.com
to:annb
to:"Ann Beebe"

All examples return messages where Ann Beebe is specified in the To: line.